{"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","undoManager":{"mark":1,"position":1,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":14,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["         ___        ______     ____ _                 _  ___  ","        / \\ \\      / / ___|   / ___| | ___  _   _  __| |/ _ \\ ","       / _ \\ \\ /\\ / /\\___ \\  | |   | |/ _ \\| | | |/ _` | (_) |","      / ___ \\ V  V /  ___) | | |___| | (_) | |_| | (_| |\\__, |","     /_/   \\_\\_/\\_/  |____/   \\____|_|\\___/ \\__,_|\\__,_|  /_/ "," ----------------------------------------------------------------- ","","","Hi there! Welcome to AWS Cloud9!","","To get started, create some files, play with the terminal,","or visit https://docs.aws.amazon.com/console/cloud9/ for our documentation.","","Happy coding!",""],"id":2}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":42,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["# Holiday Planning"," ","It is a holiday destination planner webpage based on Google Maps API. ","Everbody needs to planning their holidays and this webpage make this easer. It provides an field for searching the city and buttons to find out where to stay (accomodation), Pubs and Restaurants around, besides of Touristic Attractions. ","All very simple and straight foward. It also shows the locations on the map."," ","### UX","You can see the User Stories used on \"xxx folder\". ","The webpage layout is very clean and objective. ","The first field \"where you want to go?\" the user can start to type the desired city name and then the autocomplete function will give to him the option to select the city desired.","There are 3 buttons named: \"Accomodation\", \"Bars and Restaurants\" and \"Touristic Attractions\", by clicking in each of them the user will be able to see a list of options of each, and the respective spots (location tags) on the map. "," ","### Features","The webpag is very user-friendly.","The first line is: \"Planing holidays\", below it there is the field box for searching. ","The users start to write the name of the city and it shows the option to select the desired city. ","After that, the user can choose one of the 3 buttons and find out more about Acoomodations, Bar and Restaurants and Touristic Attractions.","From the result list the user is able to click on the place indicated and it will show the name, address and website.","The user is able to perform as much searches he/she wants."," ","### Future plans include:","Display the average costs per city per day.","Diplay more options in Touristic Atrractions."," ","### Testing","All features of the website has been tested and seems to be working well.","When the users start to write the name of the city the autocomplete functionality give options to select the city. ","By clicking in each of them the user will be able to see a list of options of each, and the respective spots (location tags) on the map, and","from the result list the user is able to click on the place indicated and it will show the name, address and website.","The webpage is responsive adapting to different sizes of the devices.","The xxx validator coding was used."," ","### Deployment","the webpage was deployed using Github and the link to the website is: xxxx ","?????"," ","### Credits","Contents:","I accessed: https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/examples/places-autocomplete-hotelsearch"," ","### Acknowledgements:","I would like to thank you my mentorn very capable  who even spent extra hours to help t0 direct me.",""],"id":3}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":25,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":42,"column":0},"end":{"row":42,"column":0},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1571055642984,"hash":"1dbe81d65e160681b6f1fda35d52302c5c3e16b6"}